this is the land of juice n kyo Akerson
training round host to over a hundred
tainted Springs each spring carries with
it a curse that whomever basks in its
waters takes the form of the creature
that drowned there thousands of years
ago tho jus sankyo is a dangerous place
curiosity has transformed it into
somewhat of a tourist attraction luring
martial artists and sightseers alike it
developed a reputation and hence a
hierarchy had to be established
dignitaries needed to be appointed to
oversee the bizarre occurrences at jus
sankyo and create a system standards and
practices the secret to sankyo
preservation society was formed to make
sure that any curse at individual caught
abusing their powers he or she may have
acquired would be penalized to the full
extent of the law five main offenders
come to mind wanted Ranma Saotome a or
shameless exhibition wanted Genma
Saotome a for human endangerment wanted
Ryoga Hibiki for voyeurism and perverse
stalking wanted shampoo for coercion
through fear and last but not least
wanted mousse for attempted murder the
committee would need a powerhouse to
wrangle this quintet they found one and
he only goes by one name Chinni this
m.bison looking muscle head is a
freelance killer the hired muscle of the
secret Jew sankyo Preservation Society
Kinney carries with him at all times an
amazingly massive sword which he swings
around with screaming rage and pinpoint
accuracy himself a student of the
ancient Chinese discipline the cult of
the muscle sword
Kenny's sword to him is an extension of
his body to him moving his sword as his
a second nature as moving a finger of
blinking an eye and he is capable of
terrified highly destructible techniques
his favorite attack is to spin his
enormous sword over his head cutting and
slicing everything in his path and
creating a radius of instant
dismemberment for anyone who dare draw
near the centrifugal force of the spin
creates a funnel of baneful wins the
resultant symphony of ruination Kenny
likes to call the earthquake breakdance
an attack so powerful it said that the
Great Wall of China itself would crumble
before his rap the wind of the spinning
blade can even act as a helicopter
taking Kinney skyward allowing him to
deliver death from above how could
anyone step up to this man how could
anyone get close to this whirling
dervish of slicing death how can anyone
fend off a murderous rampage by this man
this gigantic specimen tall enough to
block out the Sun and with muscles on
top of muscles how could a
sixteen-year-old kid like Ranma defeat
an opponent like this pretty easily
actually granted he take advantage of
Kinney's one true weakness ironically he
who is so against the many victims of
juice n kyo can be labeled among them
Kenny actually took a plunge into the
cursed spring of Bhushan each one or the
spring of drowned priest according to
legend 999 years ago a young priest fell
in the spring and drowned now whenever
he is splashed with cold water he
becomes a skinny cowardly and very
prissy young priest all of his attacks
are negated in this form in fact he
become so small he can barely carry his
oversized sword not that he would ever
want to fight becoming a priest Ginny
adopts a completely different mindset
wishing nothing but peace goodwill and
non-violence he knows nothing of the
despicable things he does in his other
form and when he learns of them he is
deeply apologetic and can do little but
cower and sulk about it perhaps his
biggest 180 is his philosophy towards
rees kidneys priest form is all about
saving the forests and protecting the
trees as opposed to his true forms
arboreal genocide kidney the walking
contradiction kind of a baffling
coincidence isn't it that he who cares
so little for the earth and its wonders
and would slash and burn a forest upon
sight would find a spring-like foosh on
each one to do a complete reverse on his
outlook it's almost as if the earth
itself struck back turning Kinney into
its own natural creation while his true
form is like a natural disaster
remorselessly killing rending all in its
path his curse inform is like a
correction a slow healing process like
that of the very earth you live on
Chinni is a bizarre accident of nature
and as with nature itself
and blow
ebbs and flows
this has been a run mo one half
character profile